The Joe Rogan experience. Oh, presidential candidates though. Yeah, for sure.
Or you wanna go chase everything? Presidential candidates? I don't know.
I love Yang's. And what I was gonna say about,
I like him as a human being before we got into cutting off baby. Yes.
Love his energy. Like him as a person a lot. He's like, he's real.
Yes. You know, he's like most politicians are aliens and he's not,
and it's so refreshing and yeah.
I like him a lot.
Like him also said that police officers should have a purple belt in Brazilian
jujitsu. <laugh> which I completely agree.
He has a lot, like, I went to look at the policies on his page, like, like,
who is.
This super.
Rational. He's great. And one of the things that is so like,
refreshing about him is that the,
I don't know if I've been in a room in the past year with so many
former Bernie and former Trump people, which are a lot of his supporters.
Mm. You know, are like disaffected, disappointed, Trump people.
And then people that supported Bernie in 2016. And there's just,
I don't know, like when you hear him talk,
the villain of his stump speech is not Donald Trump,
even though he hates Donald Trump,
the villain is Amazon and big pharma and, you know,
automation,
like the things that are actually transforming and decimating
the country. Yeah. And I just think it's refreshing, but he's.
Like a Paul year for automation. Yes. He's like, Hey,
this is your jobs are going away. Your jobs are going away. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
He's a great guy. Liked him.
I don't know.
And then I also feel like I've gone on this emotional journey with Biden where
at first I'm like, totally. Like I liked him then I'm like, Ugh, he's old.
He's kind of losing it. No way he can. And,
and now I feel like I've gone back to maybe.
Like, let me put you back on track cuz he's way too old.
I know it's not just that he's too old. He's not coherent. He's falling apart.
I know like hasn't he had a stroke or something.
I don't know if he's had, A's had a lot of plastic surgery that's for sure.
Has he look at his face?
Yeah. Trying to look younger. Um, and.
The caps and I don't know, but here's, it doesn't matter. Blood pressure.
I think it's gonna, I think the candidate,
I will be very surprised if the candidate is not Bernie,
both because of the fundraising and because of where he is in the polls and
because, and this is the most fundamental thing. The,
the energy in the country right now is a populist energy.
And I just don't think that a moderate, like the ones that I like,
like a Klobuchar or a Biden can capture that the energy of the base.
I think it, I think that energy is just really with Bernie.
You have more faith in a democratic party than I do.
I think they're gonna up and put Elizabeth Warren in. And I think, oh,
my Trump's.
Gonna chew up. Don't you think Trump would. Okay.
But if it's Bernie verse Trump, yes. Who wins? Cause I think Trump still wins.
I think you're always gonna have a hard time when someone's the incumbent.
Right.
You're always gonna have a hard time when someone is the sitting president who
is extremely controversial,
extremely PO polarizing, but also we're in a great time economically.
That's, that's hard for people to deviate from.
It's hard for people to deviate from good economy.
When you look at the stock market, when you look at yeah.
But most people don't have stocks. Like it's people are like.
It's it's perception though. It's a perception.
You look at unemployment rights are very low. You know, there's a,
there's a lot of things that you could point to the standard issues that you
point to. And then you deal with all this loneliness on the left.
That Trump is the complete opposite of if you he's the
antithesis, he's the middle finger to all of it. Yes, exactly. Yeah. The,
when I, when he got in office, I said,
ed political correctness just got hit with a missile to the Dick.
And that's what it was like when that guy got in office,
like what the he just want after all that grabbed the stuff and all that,
all the craziness that, yeah.
The fact that he was able to weather that storm and it didn't even seem to shake
him. I mean, like you.
Said, he could shoot someone in the middle of the fifth avenue kind of.
Think he actually could. Yeah. Well, as long as the person was a Dick,
as long as the person who shot was a real, like it, well, you know, we do,
we really need that guy. No. Well, we need Trump as president.
It's gonna be hard. It's gonna be,
it's always hard to get someone out of office. I mean,
what sunk George H w Bush was Ross Perro.
And a lot of people forget that Ross Perro, this eccentric billion,
I got on television and bought an entire half hour of regular
primetime television and put on this display of why you're getting
and explain taxes to you and explain. So.
So is Mike Bloomberg gonna be the Ross Perro of.
2020? No,
he's not as charismatic and he's not very well liked and it doesn't make sense.
He doesn't make sense. I don't think he's, he's wasting his time.
I just think he's the opposite of what people want.
Right now. Yeah. They don't want a billionaire. No, no. They don't want that.
They do not. What Bernie stands for is a guy who, well, look, you could,
you could dig up dirt on every single human being that's ever existed.
If you catch them in their worst moment and you magnify those moments and you
cut out everything else and you only display,
display those worst moments that said you can't find very
many with Bernie. He's been insanely consistent his entire life.
He's basically been saying the same thing, been for the same thing,
his whole life and that in and of itself is a
very powerful structure to operate from. Yeah. And.
He's addressing the thing that people are most obsessed with right now,
which is economic inequality. And he's really consistent on.
It. Did you see him here? Did you see? Yeah, of course I did. He was so normal.
He's normal.
He's so normal. Did you find him winning though? Like, did you like him? I like,
cause I feel like there's a huge division in people.
I know either they love him or they really, really think that he's like gruff,
obnoxious all of that.
Well, I know you don't like TSI, but I love her. I love her. I love her.
I think she's awesome. I love her.
I love Bernie and I love Andrew Yang and I talked about Toi and Bernie the other
day, but I forgot to bring up Andrew Yang. And I apologize for that. I said,
everybody else can eat. <laugh> I didn't mean Andrew Yang. I really,
I do like him. I just, it was just a mistake. What.
Is the TSI appeal.
For you? Well, I think she, first of all, is, uh,
someone who's served twice overseas,
been deployed twice and understands the actual cost of war worked in, you know,
medical units saw people murdered and shot down and, and,
and destroyed by war. And she wants none of it.
And she wants us to have less intervent, interventionalist,
foreign policy decisions that affect people's lives and send our young
brothers and sisters over there to get killed. That's one thing,
she's a person who in Congress, she understands how it works. She's a very nice,
friendly person. I believe her when I talk to her, she's very genuine, you know?
And uh, you know, if you want a woman president that's, that's what you want.
You want a young woman who has served in Congress,
who has served overseas. Who's been deployed.
She makes a lot of sense with a lot of the things she's saying.
That's what I like about her.
Got it. Okay. Klobuchar.
Uh, zero opinion on her. Okay.
Yeah. I like her zero charisma though. Yeah.
I haven't been paying attention. Like, uh, there's there's certain look,
there's only so much time you have in a day and only so many days in your life.
And uh, until things start really popping where I have to pay attention to her,
I'm just like she ain't.
But who are you gonna vote for in the primary?
I think, I think I'll probably vote for Bernie. Interesting.
Yeah. Cause I like,
I think Bernie and toy together would be a devastating combination. I really do.
I don't know if they'd ever work out together. I don't know.
I don't know if that's possible, but I think them together might work.
That might work. That might get enough people to go, you know what?
This is all just too crazy. Let's, let's try something different.
And what do you make of the people that are speculating that toy's gonna run as
a third party or all that she's not going to. Okay.
I don't think she's going to, I don't think she has any plans to do that,
but that was the worry that, you know, she's a Russian asset.
One of the things that Hillary Clinton had said that I found that very strange
and Hillary Clinton was calling her a Russian asset. Like you found it strange.
That Hillary Clinton said.
That I do, but I, I, you know, I'm not a fan of Hillary Clinton. I just,
I'm not a fan of that whole, they're a part of a different world, right?
They're a part of a different world where corruption was open and accepted and
it was a part of the program. You know,
if you pay attention to the Clinton foundation, you pay attention to the,
the amount of money that they would get paid to speak to bankers.
And the fact that they wouldn't release the transcripts.
That was the great thing about Bernie during the 2016 election release the
transcripts. <laugh>, let's see those transcripts, you know, like.
I watched you at Larry. David's so strange.
Like I only see.
Larry David, Larry, David does a amazing job as him. It's.
Like the meld. It's very weird. Yes. Like I was watching the,
the weekly episode of when the times endorsed the candidates or the two women.
And it was like, I'm, it was very strange. I was like,
thinking that I'm literally looking at Larry <laugh>.
But him as a human being when I was hanging out with him and I,
I believe in him, I like him. I like him a lot.
I know that the, like the like most scandalous thing about him,
the daily mail just like, was like Bernie Sanders.
He requests his junior suites in his hotels to be 65 degrees.
And he asks his staff to collect honey packets. <laugh> like,
this is like for his tea. <laugh> like, cool. Like,
that's.
Hilarious. That's all they got on him.
Yeah. It's it's no, I mean, the thing to get on him on is like, you know,
his apologetics for,
so union for Nicarag HES foreign policy stuff, it's just a disaster.
And that's what the, that is what Trump will crush him on. I mean,
Trump wants Bernie to be the candidate. You think so? Yeah. Yes.
I, you don't think he wants.
Warren. I mean, Warren would be great too. Cuz then he has Poons.
Yeah, but like.
I.